Add documentation about creating custom middleware (#579)
vapor/docs: 4.0/docs/middleware.md

Request → A → B → C → Handler → C → B → A → Response
```

## Creating a Middleware

> Vapor ships with a few useful middlewares, but you might need to create your own because of the requirements of your application. For example you can create a middleware that prevents any non-admin user from accessing a group of routes:

Reviewer: Ah my bad, I screwed up this suggestion. Last tweak and then we're good to go!

```suggestion
Vapor ships with a few useful middlewares, but you might need to create your own because of the requirements of your application. For example you could create a middleware that prevents any non-admin user from accessing a group of routes.
```

Request → A → B → C → Handler → C → B → A → Response
```

## Creating a Middleware

> Vapor ships with a few and handy middlewares, but sometimes you would need to create your own because of the requirements of your application. For example you could need a middleware that prevents any non-admin user to reach a group of routes.

Reviewer: Typos and tighten up the language
```suggestion
Vapor ships with a few useful middlewares, but you might need to create your own because of the requirements of your application. For example you can create a middleware that prevents any non-admin user from accessing a group of routes:
```

> We recommend creating a `Middleware` folder inside your `Sources/App` directory to keep your code organised

> Middleware are structs that conforms to Vapor's `Middleware` protocol and passes the request to the next middleware in the chain.

Reviewer: Nit - they don't have to be structs, they could be classes if you need reference semantics.
```suggestion
Middleware are types that conform to Vapor's `Middleware` protocol. They are inserted into the responder chain and can access and manipulate a request before it reaches a route handler and access and manipulate a response before it is returned.
```

> Using the example mentioned before, let's block access to the user if it's not an admin:

Reviewer: Remove first person:

```suggestion
Using the example mentioned above, create a middleware to block access to the user if they're not an admin:
```

```swift
import Vapor

struct EnsureAdminUserMiddleware: Middleware {

>     public init() {}
>     

Reviewer: Don't need the initialiser

```suggestion
    
```

>     public func respond(to request: Request, chainingTo next: Responder) -> EventLoopFuture<Response> {

Reviewer: Nit - doesn't need to be public

```suggestion
   func respond(to request: Request, chainingTo next: Responder) -> EventLoopFuture<Response> {
```

> 	if req.auth.require().role != "admin" {
> 	    return req.eventLoop.future(Response(status: .unauthorized))
> 	}

Reviewer: Code fix and we should probably throw an error here:

```suggestion
	guard let user = request.auth.get(User.self), user.role == .admin else {
	    return request.eventLoop.future(error: Abort(.unauthorized))
	}
```

	
	return next.respond(to: request)
    }
    
}
```

> If you want to modify the response, for example to add a custom header to all your outgoing responses from the routes this middleware is applied to, you should wait until the response comes back from the other middlewares:

Reviewer: Tighten up the language

```suggestion
If you want to modify the response, for example to add a custom header, you can use a middleware for this too. Middlewares can wait until the response is received from the responder chain and manipulate the response:
```

```swift
import Vapor

struct AddVersionHeaderMiddleware: Middleware {

>     public init() {}
>     

Reviewer: Don't need the initialiser - it's implicit for a `struct`
```suggestion
    
```

>     public func respond(to request: Request, chainingTo next: Responder) -> EventLoopFuture<Response> {

Reviewer: Nit - doesn't need to be public

```suggestion
   func respond(to request: Request, chainingTo next: Responder) -> EventLoopFuture<Response> {
```

> 	return next.respond(to: request) { response in

Reviewer: Nit don't need the `return` here.

Also we need to wait for the response to go through the chain

```suggestion
	next.respond(to: request).map { response in
```

	    response.headers.add(name: "My-App-Version", value: "v2.5.9")

> 	    
> 	    return response

Reviewer: Nit - remove empty line 
```suggestion
	    return response
```
